docs: DOC-1385 (#4047)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

<ReleaseNotesVersions />

## Sept 25, 2024 - Release 4.4.20

### Improvements

> - Palette's message communication channel between clusters and the management plane has been updated to support gRPC
>   over websockets. Palette agents will automatically fall back to web sockets if the gRPC connection cannot be
>   established using the default HTTP/2 protocol. This change improves the reliability of the communication channel
>   between the agent and the management plane. Environments with network proxies that reject HTTP/2 connections can now
>   connect as the connection is transcoded to the HTTP/1.1 protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
- Palette's message communication channel between clusters and the management plane has been updated to support gRPC
  over WebSocket. Palette agents will automatically fall back to a WebSocket connection if the gRPC connection cannot be
  established with the management plane using the default HTTP/2 protocol. This change improves the reliability of the communication channel
  between the agent and the management plane. Environments with network proxies that reject HTTP/2 connections can now
  connect as the connection is transcoded to the HTTP/1.1 protocol.
```

- Local UI now supports selecting network interfaces by name.

- Local UI has improved validation when assigning static IP addresses to network interfaces.

> - The heartbeat mechanism for Palette deployed clusters has been improved to improve performance and reliability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The heartbeat mechanism for Palette deployed clusters has been improved for better performance and reliability.
```

Reviewer: maybe? "improved to improve" sounds a little awkward

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where imported cluster profiles defaulted to incorrect registry type.

> - Fixed an issue where Local UI TUI was not displaying network interfaces that had no IP addresses assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Palette TUI was not displaying network interfaces that had no IP addresses assigned.
```
If it's the TUI during Edge host setup, i think it's called Palette TUI

- Resolved an issue where the Local UI took a long time to load after application deployment.

- Fixed an issue where the Edge CLI could not download Helm charts from private registries.

- Fix an issue with the Edge CLI that was silently failing when unable to create the build artifact. The Edge CLI now
  provides a clear error message when the build artifact creation fails.

- Fixed a Palette UI message incorrectly stating to check the new issue date for SSL certificate renewal. The message
  now correctly states to check the new expiration date.

- Resolved an issue where the Palette UI was erroring out when reviewing pack layers during a PCG upgrade.

- Resolved an issue where the Local UI username and password field validation was not working as expected.

- Fixed an issue with updating the node port for the Edge Harbor pack. The node port is now correctly updated when
  changing the value in the Harbor pack.

- Resolved an issue where kubeadm based Kubernetes distributions were unable to initialize on clusters with multiple

>   Network Interfaces (NIC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Network Interface Cards (NIC).
```
